Multi couchdbs (#3367)
cozy/cozy-stack: docs/config.md

the case of importing a Cozy. If needed, it is possible to configure the
directory where they will be created via the `TMPDIR` environment variable.

## Multiple CouchDB clusters

With a large number of instances, a single CouchDB cluster may not be enough.
Most cozy-stack administrators can ignore this section, but if you need this
advanced settings, let's see how to configure it. We start with a classical
configuration for a single cluster:

```yaml
couchdb:
  url: http://cluster1:5984/
```

The first step is to add the new cluster, but still forces the creation on the
first cluster for the moment:

```yaml
couchdb:
  url: http://cluster1:5984/
  clusters:
    - url: http://cluster1:5984/
      instance_creation: true
    - url: http://cluster2:5984/
      instance_creation: false
```

> Then, we can restart the cozy-stack and every thing will work the same, except

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we can restart the cozy-stack and everything will work the same, except
```

that the stack now knows how to use an instance on the new cluster. We can now
use the second cluster for instance creations instead of the first:

```yaml
couchdb:
  url: http://cluster1:5984/
  clusters:
    - url: http://cluster1:5984/
      instance_creation: false
    - url: http://cluster2:5984/
      instance_creation: true
```

> 

Reviewer: I would explain here what happens if multiple clusters have `instance_creation` set to true. Is this round-robin? first always wins? and if round-robin, is it reset to first cluster at each stack restart?

Reviewer: It would also be nice to state here what would happen in case of cluster list change (changing url, or removing a cluster in the middle of the list).
I suspect couch cluster is stored as int representing list index so moving the list could result in unexpected behaviour like rendering instances as broken. Maybe it would be nice to add a cluster unique "name" or "slug" in the definition to identify the cluster?

Author: > I would explain here what happens if multiple clusters have instance_creation set to true.

:+1: I have noted that in the commit message of https://github.com/cozy/cozy-stack/pull/3367/commits/542320097172c63b8d55245f7958e100ee026a4b but I forgot it in the doc.

> Maybe it would be nice to add a cluster unique "name" or "slug" in the definition to identify the cluster?

I have hesitated about that, but it makes harder the migration from a single cluster, so I've taken the path of using the list index.
